docs/docs-md/index.md, before:

![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ambianic/ambianic.svg?branch=master) ![Docker Automated](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/automated/ambianic/ambianic.svg) ![Docker Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/ambianic/ambianic.svg)

![Ambianic logo][logo]

# Project mission
Helpful AI for Home and Business Automation

Local data, custom AI models, federated learning

# Project Status
At this time, Ambianic is in active early formation stages. Lots of design and implementation decisions are made daily with focus on advancing the project to an initial stable version as soon as possible. 

If you are willing to take the risk that comes with early stage code and are able to dive deep into Python, Javascript, Gstreamer, and Tensorflow code, then please keep reading. Otherwise click on the Watch button above (Releases Only option) to be notified when we release a stable end user version.

# How to run in development mode
If you are interested to try the development version, follow these steps:
1. Clone this git repository.
2. `./ambianic-start.sh`
3. Study `config.yaml` and go from there.

# Contributors
If you are interested in becoming a contributor to the project, please read the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page and follow the steps. Looking forward to hearing from you!

[logo]: https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/52052162?s=200&v=4

Commit message:

docs: added docs site structure

docs/docs-md/index.md, after:


![Ambianic logo](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/52052162?s=200&v=4)

# Project mission
## Helpful AI for Home and Business Automation

Ambianic is an Open Source AI platform that puts local control and privacy first. It enables users to use and train custom AI models without compromising privacy and without sharing data with cloud providers.

# Project Status
At this time, Ambianic is in active early formation stages. Design and implementation decisions are made daily with focus on advancing the project to an initial stable version as soon as possible.

If you are willing to take the risk that comes with early stage code and are able to dive deep into Python, Javascript, Gstreamer, and Tensorflow code, then please keep reading. Otherwise you can register to [watch for new releases](https://github.com/ambianic/ambianic-core). We will notify you as soon as a stable release is out.

# Product design guidelines

Our goal is to build a product that is useful out of the box:
- Less than 15 minutes setup time
- Less than $75 in hardware costs
  + Primary platform: Raspberry Pi 4 B, 4GB RAM, 32GB SDRAM
- No coding required to get started
- Decomposable and hackable for open source developers

# How to run in development mode
If you are interested to try the development version, follow these steps:
1. Clone this git repository.
2. `./ambianic-start.sh`
3. Study `config.yaml` and go from there.

# Contributors
If you are interested in becoming a contributor to the project, please read the [Contributing](legal/CONTRIBUTING.md) page and follow the steps. Looking forward to hearing from you!

# Documentation

At this time there is not much documentation in place. The goal is to fill in the gaps as the project advances closer to a stable version. The latest dev docs are available here:
[Developer Documentation](https://ambianic.github.io/ambianic-core/ambianic-python-api/)
